[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2009 animated comedy film
fantastic mr. Fox
so let's get started while raiding a
farm mr. Fox and his wife Felicity
trigger Fox trap and become caged
Felicity reveals to Fox that she's
pregnant and begs him to find a safer
job if they escape two years later the
foxes move into a new home with her son
Ash and his located close to facilities
run by three farmers Boggis Bunce and
bean
Felicity's nephew Kristofferson comes to
live with them
longing for his days as a thief Fox and
his friend Kylie opossums steal produce
and poultry from the three farms angered
the farmers camp out near Fox's home and
shoot off his tail they then attempt to
dig Fox out the farmers discover the
foxes have dug an escape tunnel and so
they wait at the tunnel mouth the group
encounters many other animals whose
homes have also been destroyed as they
begin to fearing starvation Fox leads a
digging expedition to tunnel to the
three farms robbing them clean while the
other animals feast ash and
Kristofferson reconcile and returned to
beans Farm intending to reclaim mr.
Fox's tail they're interrupted by beans
wife and Kristofferson is captured
discovering that Fox has stolen their
produce the farmers flood the tunnels
with cider the flood forces the animals
into the sewers trapping them the
farmers use Kristofferson to lure Fox
into an ambush Fox asked the farmers for
meeting and plans a counter-attack Fox
ash and Kylie slip into beans farm ash
freeze Kristofferson and releases a
rabid beagle to keep the farmers at bay
afterwards the animals become accustomed
to living in the sewers ashin
Kristofferson become good friends
Fox leads his family and others to a
drain opening built into the floor of a
supermarket owned by the three farmers
they all celebrate their new food source
and to the news that felicity is
pregnant again so that was a spoilers
for a fantastic mr. Fox if you have a
phone you like to see me spoil please
you know in the comments below check out
movies spoiler alerts on social media
and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching